Oops, everyone has been waiting for a long time. Please take a seat.
All of you sitting here are all kind-hearted people in the business community.
Found you, Xiaojianshan.
Get out of here! This is my home!
Why don't you let me in?
Jinjia Assets has been bankrupt and liquidated.
Yesterday the police were waiting for you to take your parents away.
Xiaojian, you won’t forget it, right?
Where is Xiao Jianshan? Tell him to get out of here!
We, Mr. Xiao, will not see lowly people like you, Miss Shen.
Things on my mind are different from the past
I am you
I quickly found a way to raise money
Save your parents before we talk
Wait for me
You asked Miss Shen to wait for me
Sooner or later I will have to settle this account with Jiang.
There are also people named Xiao who can figure it out.
Miss Xiao and Sister Jiang will never let you go.
So all the proceeds from today's betrayal
All will eventually be used for charity
Then we will invite you out
The first exhibit in today’s auction
diamond ring provider
Chen Group
Isn’t this my parents’ diamond ring?